feat(apigateway): integrate with aws services in a different region (#13251)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-apigateway/README.md

});
```

> Here is an example of how to integrate with another AWS service, such as SQS, specifying the
> region where the queue is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to also integrate with AWS services in a different region. The following code integrates with Amazon SQS in the
`eu-west-1` region.
```
